Make Vices/Blessings, random chance to negate/boost stats on items/enchanted items
Make Phantom Tablets that are one-off upgraded versions of current tablet (higher level spells, faster cast times, less cooldown, etc.) (for Runic Resurgence)
Make Altercation Altar, remove Curses and/or add Blessings (possibly as an upgrade to the Arcane Altar, Arcane Alter Altar?)


- Shield:
>> Enchantments:
  ✔ Aegis [III]
        When blocking any instance of damage, repair the shield
        by a small, fixed amount. This allows weak hits to steadily
        repair the shield without Mending, and reduces the brutal
        durability loss with stronger attacks.
    Backburner [V]
        Blocking an instance of damage causes a % of that damage to
        be dealt to creatures behind the blocker, at a rate of 25% of
        blocked damage per level (up to 125%)

>>  Blessings:
  ✔ Blessing of Pressure
        When blocking, steadily damage EVERYTHING in a small
        range around the blocker, including the user.
        Damage accelerates over time while blocking,
        resets when the user stops. User takes reduced damage.
    Blessing of Wisdom
        When blocking, gain a small amount of XP when an instance
        of damage is negated.
  ✔ Blessing of Foresight
        When blocking, gain a tiny window of time that causes
        the user to gain a small burst of Haste and Speed if
        damage is blocked.
    Blessing of Reflection
        When blocking an arrow, take a small amount of damage
        and send the arrow back in the opposite direction at
        twice its velocity.
    Blessing of the Chakram [III]
        When sneaking, block to throw the shield a certain
        distance away, damaging and slowing entities in its
        path. Also damages and slows on its return path, but
        slightly less. Places shields on a small cooldown.
    Blessing of the Paladin
        On blocking a hit that deals above a certain threshold of
        damage, instantly summon a Paladin Pylon spell at the user's
        location. The Pylon is capable of absorbing damage equal to
        half of a normal Pylon, including the user's Spellcasting
        modifiers. On summon, the shield takes a considerable amount
        of Durability damage. Or, if Unbreakable, the Pylon's health
        is reduced further to 25% of normal.
  ✔ Blessing of the Bastion
        When taking damage below half health (not blocked),
        summon a much smaller Paladin's Pylon spell with less
        health and lifespan. The ability only functions once
        every two minutes. When activated, the held shield takes
        considerable durability damage, or, if unbreakable, the
        Paladin's Pylon itself can absorb less damage before
        expiring. The Pylon itself cannot be modified by
        Spellcrafting modifications (i.e. armor buffs, enchantments
        or the like)

>>  Vices:
  ✔ Vice of Lead
        When blocking, become unable to move.
    Vice of Mishandling
        When blocking, shield slowly takes durability damage.
    Vice of Consuming
        When blocking, become inflicted with Hunger.
  ✔ Vice of Opening
        When blocking an instance of damage, half of the
        blocked damage punctures through the shield.
  ✔ Vice of Distraction
        When blocking, all damage dealt to the user (that isn't
        from Pressure, Reflection, or outright blocked) is
        increased by 33%.
    Vice of Crumbling
        Shield loses a % of its protectiveness on block,
        refreshes when put down. Adds a forced 1 second
        cooldown minimum.


- Armor:
>> Enchantments: 
  ✔ Extension [IV] (Chestplates)
        Extends Block and Entity Reach by 0.5
        Blocks per level.

>>  Blessings: 
  ✔ Blessing of Wanderlust (boots)
        Allows the user to track all blocks stepped on.
        More items under this list grant bonuses to
        various stats.
    Blessing of the Launch (elytra)
        Jumping in midair for the first time will cause
        a Wind Charge explosion beneath the user's feet and
        a little bit behind them to push them up and forward.
    Blessing of Acceleration (boots)
        While sprinting, increase movement speed steadily. The
        acceleration is stopped instantly when running is
        halted for any reason.
    Blessing of Glide (chestplate, NOT elytra)
        Allows the item to function as an Elytra
    Blessing of Clarity (helmet)
        All negative status effects last half as long
    Blessing of Second Wind (leggings)
        Gain a second jump that can be used in midair. The
        strength of the jump is relative to how long the
        Jump key is held during the first jump.

>>  Vices:
    Vice of Encumbering (any)
        Having enough types of items in the player's
        inventory will cause them to become slow. Having
        more instances of this Vice amplifies the
        effects' strength, or how early they apply.
    Vice of Heaviness (any)
        Increases user's gravity, lowers their fall
        damage tolerance, and increases fall damage.
    Vice of Stiffness (any) [III]
        Chance to receive Mining Fatigue when damaged. A higher
        level of Stiffness translates to a *LOWER* chance of
        receiving the debuff.
  ✔ Vice of Exhaustion (boots)
        Running for extended periods of time causes a
        moderate slowing effect and hunger. Effect stacks
        over time, eventually leading to a complete
        standstill. While not running, the effect dissipates
        at a moderate rate.
            Note: May NOT apply with Acceleration Blessing


- Bows:
>>  Enchantments:
    Tether (reworked) [VI]
        Low levels of Tether reduce the speed of
        arrows fired, but level 6 (max level) brings
        the arrow back up to normal speed.

>>  Blessings:
    Blessing of Multitude [II]
        Fires four additional arrows at slightly
        shallower/wider angles than Multishot.
    Blessing of the Spellslinger
        Instead of arrows, fires a Magic Bolt, which
        is affected by all current spell-modifying
        equipment. The bolt also has slightly higher
        damage and speed than normal by default.
    Blessing of Pulse
        When arrows land, deal a small amount of damage
        and create a Wind Charge explosion.
  ✔ Blessing of Recursion [III]
        Firing an arrow creates X exact duplicates of
        that arrow, offset by a small amount of time.
    Blessing of Drillshot
        Turns arrows into burrowing machines, breaking
        several blocks before finally expiring. Hitting
        an entity deals heightened damage over time, but
        immediately removes the arrow. Piercing and Rebound
        change to increase the number of blocks broken or
        the damage dealt to entities. Each block broken
        takes away from the amount of damage dealt to an
        entity.
    Blessing of Toxin
        Entities hit begin taking severe damage over time,
        but cannot die from the DOT (with some exceptions).
    Blessing of the Machine
        Charging the bow or crossbow for long enough causes
        a steady stream of arrows to fire. The arrows may not
        be Crit arrows, nor may they apply Rebound, Multishot,
        Pin, or Piercing enchantments from the bow they fired
        from. The arrows disappear on landing.
    Blessing of Dialation
        Arrows fired begin their arc slowly, but gradually
        gain speed. Maximum speed is ridiculous but requires
        a very large travel distance. As a tradeoff, arrows
        fired lose the effects of Pin and deal vastly higher
        knockback. Firing an arrow while Sneaking disables
        Dialation.
    Blessing of Wavemaker [III]
        Arrows fired under water or that travel into
        water move much more rapidly than normal.
        These arrows also accelerate up to a max
        speed determined by the level of the enchantment.

>>  Vices:
    Vice of Backfire
        Small chance to reverse arrow velocity when
        firing.
    Vice of the Deadeye
        If an arrow lands on the ground and has not
        hit an entity, damage the owner a small amount.
    Vice of the Loose
        Arrows shot have their velocity changed slightly,
        decreasing accuracy over long distances.
  ✔ Vice of Unrest
        Firing the bow rapidly without enough of a break
        between shots causes the user to grow nauseous
        and hungry. This also damages the bow more if it
        isn't already unbreakable.
  ✔ Vice of Straining
        Drawing the bow for too long causes nausea and damages
        the user an increasing amount.
    


- Sharp Weapons:
>>  Blessings:
    Blessing of Unsheath
        When swapping to this weapon, deal a mild amount
        of damage to nearby entities relative to the weapon's
        damage. Also briefly stun entities nearby.
    Blessing of the Armada
        Having more entities/players nearby causes the
        weapon to deal more damage. For each nearby entity
        or player, not including the user, the damage dealt
        increases by 5%.
  ✔ Blessing of Titanism
        Weilding this weapon encumbers the user greatly but
        grants a powerful damage buff. The user can only
        move at 20% of their total ability and outright
        loses the ability to jump while active. Additionally,
        a forced attack delay is applied after each attack.
  ✔ Blessing of Reverberation [III]
        A modifier for Echo which causes the summoned cloud
        to deal a % of weapon damage instead of a flat number.
        Percentage is equal to 8 * Reverberation level. If the
        stored damage is less than what would be dealt without
        Reverberation, the default damage is used instead.
        Finally, Echo clouds summoned using Reverberation are
        stationary.

>>  Vices:
    Vice of the Clumsy
        Occasionally damage the user by a small
        amount relative to the weapon's damage when
        attacking.
    Vice of Dullness
        Lower durability causes the weapon to deal
        less damage, unless the tool is Unbreakable.
        If so, the user receives a small Weakness
        effect after a number of consecutive attacks.
    Vice of Enraging
        Enemies hit by this weapon grow a little faster
        and stronger permanently, additively stacking
        with each hit received.
  ✔ Vice of Windbroken
        Echo clouds summoned lose strength as they travel
        or damage entities. For each tick of movement, the
        cloud loses 2.5% of movement speed. For every tick
        of damage, the cloud loses 10% of damage next attack.