You know for sure now that Benevolence, the Goddess of Grace, has perished by your hand.

As the once-lush garden fades and tears to gray, and as the ivory walls and pillars that held her mind together crumble, you stand triumphant.

You know he wasn't there moments ago, but Glavier Benevue himself now holds the body of his lover. His head hangs over her. He makes no sound.

He stares longingly at her still-radiant face and holds her gently in his hands. After a minute or two, he looks up to the shattering reality around him.

"She's..." he whispers, weakly... you think you even hear his voice shake a bit.

You don't know what do to in this moment. You don't feel like you can even move, or breathe. Anxious anticipation rattles your mind as the Goddess's falls to ruin around you.

And Glavier's stirs with fast-flying thoughts.


| Still-Strong Patience
    He takes a deep breath, and re-focuses his gaze back to Benevolence.

"She always told me that a day like this would come. That she was a Goddess, and I... a mortal. And despite my extended lifespan due to her blessing, we both knew it could not last forever. I knew this as well as she did. Though... I always expected that I'd be the first of us to go..."

He lays her body down on the ground, slowly, then removes his coat to place it around her. He sits on the ground beside her.

"This brings me sorrow like nothing else ever has. She was... everything to me. And I'm sure that many others share the same sentiment on a surface level... but I intend my words in every sense. She gave me life and freedom when I deserved nothing but death and chains. She granted me a new outlook on life and her ultimate blessings, those of happiness and prosperity. She was the first to look at my curse as anything but a curse... she saw it as an opportunity to love me. To cherish me."

"I was undeserving of her. And perhaps now I have some semblance of understanding as to why she was the Unwilling God once... Did you know that, like me, she was human once too? Normal. Unassuming. Someone that might've even been forgotten in the flows of time, never to have her face remembered or name uttered again. My dear Evolen... What cruel twists of fate this world has brought you."

He turns, slowly, calmly, to you.

"I deeply respect you. All three of us have come from nothing, and accomplished epic feats beyond any of our wildest dreams. And I believe that you have granted Evolen a peace that I never could have hoped to give her. In death, she now has no more worries. No more pain. No more trials and tribulations."

His coat glows softly with Benevolence's golden light, as she fades into the air. He turns back to her for one final kiss, and says his goodbye to her.

"Rest well, my love. Eius Wothit Sparilus Eu Seder, Baneteik Et. Like Seder's Clouds, Be Unburdened."

After a minute or two, only Glavier's coat remains where Benevolence once lay. Glavier takes up the coat, and places it back on himself.

"I suppose you may be asking what happens next. The unfortunate answer, for both of us in this moment, is that I still must carry out her legacy. I will take on her mantle of being the God that fills the gaps of life. This is what she would have wanted. I understand that this now puts us at odds..."

He stands, at last... and a holy aura radiates from him. Dimly, at first, as though it was merely the coat again, but it grows stronger and stronger until it matches the great light that Benevolence commanded.

"... Do not take this personally, please. I see you as my brother, and perhaps even my equal. My qualms lie with Tempo, not with you. Even so... You stand in opposition to my divine ways. So I must now fulfill my duty as..."

"G L A V I E R,   G O D   O F   G R A C E"



| Anger, Dread, and Retribution
An unmistakable, potent dread infiltrates your mind like a starving parasite... it takes hold of your nerves, grips and chokes them... and it speaks his name deafeningly into your mind.

A fiery wrath comes for your throat.

    He whips his head toward you. You are startled, and then terrified,
as you first begin to notice his gaze does not hold his normal, hollow, expressionless countenance.
No, he now holds a wild, primal, but pure loathing. It is blinding.
He is focused, more than ever before. His very eyes boil with abhorrence, his movements shake with disgust and antipathy.

His form glows and warps with rich, dark purple light. He stares, even with quivering eyes, directly into your face.

    "Y O U." He snarles inhumanely. He carefully places her back down on the ground, removing his coat to place underneath as a pillow.
He now turns his body to face you, his soul-piercing glare still perfectly locked on to you.

"WHAT CRUELTY YOUR ACTIONS HAVE BROUGHT UPON OUR WRETCHED REALMS!!" his voice booms louder than even the gargantuan gilded stones tumbling around you, "WHAT DIVINE BLASPHEMES!! WHAT INSANE FOOLS YOU MUST BE!!"

"This world... its people... they have nothing now. Lady Benevolence... she was everything. She was beauty, she was patience, she was life. What do you expect them to live with now? That WRETCH of a goddess, Tempo, does not allow life! She allows SLAVES!! And indeed Xil knew of this! But you TRUSTED HER??"

"Worse for you... I now have nothing. You have taken EVERYTHING FROM ME NOW. The Clock, Xil, Alkhin... and now..."

"SHE IS DEAD!!! YOU KILLED HER!!! SHE'S GONE AND YOU'RE TO BLAME!!! I HAVE NOTHING LEFT!!! HAVE I NOT SUFFERED ENOUGH?!" He pauses for a moment, and then his face softens slightly.

"No... I have misspoken. You have given me... one... last... purpose. One final trial. One ultimate destiny, suitably filled with the most painful suffering imaginable. I thought of you as my brother. I thought of you as family, as someone I could truly, finally, genuinely trust. That is, until you began ripping my life apart bit by insufferable bit."

The lifeless body of Benevolence began to glow bright yellow, as a dense fog of powerful energy began whisting its way to Glavier.

"I... am no longer the Child of Wrath..." he says, the purple light around him fading to a brilliant, beautiful white, "I am now... G L A V I E R,   G O D   O F   P E N A N C E"

"I MUST NOW ETERNALLY BEAR THE WEIGHT OF YOUR UNHOLY CRIMES. AND ALL SHALL FEEL THE DIVINE OMNISCIENCE OF MY JUDGEMENT!!"

"B E A R   W I T N E S S,   M O R T A L,   T O   M Y   P E R F E C T   W R A T H ! ! !"